Update cloudquery-azure-plugin-source.md (#4234)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/cloud-to-cloud-integration-framework/cloudquery-azure-plugin-source.md

<a href="/files//c2c/cloudquery-azure-plugin/example.json" target="_blank">Download example</a>

:::note

> If you have over 75,000 Azure products/resources, you might experience crashes due to limitations in the Azure SDK plugin. If this happens, we may need to increase your memory. Please contact our support team for assistance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have over 75,000 Azure products/resources, you might experience crashes due to limitations in the Azure SDK plugin. If this happens, we may need to increase your memory. [Contact our support team](https://support.sumologic.com/support/s/) for assistance.
```
